Then it fits
The truck at that time
It's just coming straight ahead of us
Police found a bottle of alcohol at the scene
Think the crash was a drunk driving getaway
So that car accident
It was also determined to be an accident
But everybody knows that.
That truck was coming straight at us
If Liu Xingren is also alcohol immune
Then all this is right
Everyone has to pay for their mistakes
kill for life
When he chose this path
You should think about the consequences
Killing is addictive
Killers' habits are also fixed
So why did Willow Creek hire the murderer?
Also alcohol immune
That's no coincidence.
You mean let Willow Creek hire alcohol immunizers
The person who killed me was also my father
You don't care how cold and cruel the world is
How fickle things are
I will be by your side
Keep you safe
Unchanged until death
brother
Then I will put the criminal evidence of Liu Xi and Liu Xiyuan
Hand it over to the police